[mariadb] update description and LTS (#3000)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/mariadb.md

---

> [MariaDB](https://mariadb.org/about/) is a community-developed, commercially supported relational database management system (RDBMS) originally forked from MySQL.

> A new MariaDB Server version will be announced one per quarter bringing new features to the server. These release series are maintainced for approximately once a year after their General Availability (stable) date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new MariaDB Server version will be announced once per quarter bringing new features to the server. These release series are maintained for approximately a year after their General Availability (GA) date.
```

This suggestion just fix a few typos.

> There will be long term support releases selected that will be maintained for five years. This long term support series will be selected approximately every 2 years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every 2 years since 10.6, some release series are selected for longer maintenance windows. These LTS release series are maintained for five years with security and bug fixes. Prior to that, release series were maintained for five years (or even more for 5.5) but were never officially called LTS.
```

- Rewrote the sentences with the term "release series" used in the previous paragraph.
- Inverted the two sentence (it feels more natural to me) and clarify a little bit what LTS means (information found on https://mariadb.org/about/#maintenance-policy).
- Explain what the previous support policy were (as an attempt to tackle #3004).

Author: technically "since 10.6".  and "with security and bug fixes" - there's no criteria on bug size. Ok with rest.

Reviewer: Ok, I have updated the suggestion and applied it.

> These dates constitute the public policy of the MariaDB Foundation and are not legally binding. The software is released with the GPL-2 license as-is, without warranties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These dates constitute the public policy of the MariaDB Foundation and are not legally binding. The software is released with the GPL 2 license as-is, without warranties.
```

Did a quick search and usually there is no dash between `GPL` and `2`.
